---
layout:     post
title:      2021 여름방학 계획
subtitle:   2021 Summer Holiday Todo List
date:       2021-06-28
author:     Alice
header-img: img/post-bg-sea.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 日常
---

### Too Much to Do, Too little Time

- #### Read ["Introduction to Applied Linear Algebra" by Stephen Boyd and Lieven Vandenberghe](http://vmls-book.stanford.edu)
	
	- [x] Chapter 1: Vectors
	
		**Finance is annoying!**

		##### Sound track

		>An audio (sound) signal can be represented as a vector whose entries give the value of acoustic pressure at equally spaced times (typically 48000 or 44100 per second).
		>
		>Human hearing range is roughly 20 Hz to 20,000 Hz, the sampling rate had to be greater than 40 kHz.
		
		##### Image
		
		>A color M × N pixel image is described by a vector of length 3M N , with the entries giving the R, G, and B values for each pixel, in some agreed-upon order.
		
		##### Linear combination
		
		>When the coefficients sum to one, the linear combination is called an **affine combination**. When the coefficients in an affine combination are nonnegative, it is called a **convex combination**, a mixture, or a weighted average.
		>
		>*i.e., When a and b are different n-vectors, the affine combination c = (1 − θ)a + θb, where θ is a scalar, describes a point on the line passing through a and b. When 0 ≤ θ ≤ 1, c is a convex combination of a andb,and is said to lie on the segment between a and b.*
	
		##### Complexity
		
		>When computers carry out addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, or other arithmetic operations on numbers represented in floating point format, the result is rounded to the nearest floating point number. These operations are called **floating point operations**.
		>
		>A very rough estimate of the time required to carry out some computation, such as an inner product, can be found by counting the total number of floating point operations, or **FLOPs**. 
		>
		>Computing the innerproduct $x^{T}y = x_1y_1+···+x_ny_n$ of two n-vectors takes 2n−1 flops, n scalar multiplications and n−1 scalar additions. 
	  
	  
	
- #### Read ["Learning Robotics Using Python" by Lentin Joseph](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/learning-robotics-using/9781788623315/)
	
	- [ ] Chapter 1: Getting Started with Robot Operating System
	
	  
	
- #### Watch lecture videos of ["Probabilistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability"](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLUl4u3cNGP60A3XMwZ5sep719_nh95qOe)

	- [x] Lecture 1:  Probability Models and Axioms
		
		>Discrete probability: counting
		>
		>Continuous probability: area
	  
	- [x] Lecture 2:  Conditioning and Baye's Rule
		
		>Zero probability does not mean impossible. It just means extremely unlikely by itself.
